we should do a blood test to be sure
but i'm quite certain you're pregnant
congratulations
it is such good news we're meant to be
going away how are we gonna do that
he'll go as a family
congratulations thank you yeah i think
it's going to be a boy
we've decided that we're moving to
australia
we're not taking my grandchild we need a
fresh start you
cannot walk out on this place
you did it um
we did everything we could
the funeral's tomorrow i should go home
no rest
it's the doctor's orders
[Music]
how are you feeling nauseous
i was the same with benjamin i'm gonna
need some of my things i
sent thomas over yesterday everything
you want
will be in your wardrobe how is the baby
i've been feeling dizzy i'll get you
some water
maybe you should see another daughter
don't worry everything's under control
what are you doing why are you in there
[Music]
you're not well you don't even seem to
realize that
what keep me trapped in that house you
conditioned i don't have a condition
give me the key no i think i'm gonna
need your help
within too much death in this family
[Music]
you